[Music]
What's wrong with me kids, well before I
start with this news I have to
remind you please to watch the video
that I uploaded to the main channel that I
uploaded a video that is a bit silly
but I want you to see it I am excited for you to
see it and also more than anything
because I am going to upload another video in
half an hour there to the main channel
that the thrash is worth the cane the video
well I want you to go to the
main channel to check the service I'm not
saying it like that clearly since I don't beat around the bush listen to me
we are going to talk about this
because it is going to cause a stir it is going to cause a stir
most of the comments have been
positive but there has been some point that he
said something and then he had to
come out and you are going to defend the
love like that and well also play to said
something I have not seen yet what
Juan said because it was just this afternoon
from what I see and they just uploaded click I was
going to start recording this video he just
uploaded click so I am going to watch it with
you totally in rigorous in
rigorous live okay no I had not
seen it before  but yes, having seen the device I
totally agree with what
vice said and there are a lot of people
criticizing the masses and how he
did it,
not that he did it wrong but that he wasn't
serious, that he wasn't professional, that I don't know
what and I'm like, I don't know if he was a
kid, he must have done something else on other
occasions but I'm going to tell you
totally seriously and I'm not
exaggerating and listen to me because you know that
I'm objective and if I hadn't
liked it or not Iverson's video throwing
[ __ ] at him but he wouldn't have told me because I would
n't have made the video or commented
more or less how the chef's event was, I would have
said half the presenter I think I'm
going to have more options but
for me, not for me, she has done it
spectacularly, I mean, for me it has been
spectacular,
incredible. I don't know if this girl has
done more things, have you seen some
other collaboration that she has done with Wang, I have
seen the songs in fact
someone published a song that she
is listening to and I liked it
now when she is looking for the video she was
listening to it and she avoided that a
song was published yesterday that with another kid she is
listening to it because it is quite  ok
okay and I tell you this from the heart for me
for this type of programs at least it
knows maybe then if we see it in
other forums what I tell you a program
a newscast a serious program of
facts reports in which you have to
get super stiff super be I don't know we
would have to see it but for this format
from my point of view it has been
spectacular and when I tell you for this
format I mean for this type of
reality that they show on TV so they are
improvised things quick things you know I don't
know it's that I also know but we go to
tests in survivor or Big
Brother things or tests like that or I mean super
super
fun spontaneous super nice
plus the girl very like that with a lot of
Andalusian art I said this the other day I
knew it was going like that I didn't know you were
going like that I don't understand the criticism
really it's that I blocked it what
has surprised me in a good way also it's
the first time in the first time he was
like as Pedro in his house I mean with
an amazing ease so if you
tell me to me it's that I think it was the
first time correcting myself in the box of
comments and this girl presented
programs many more times what I know is that
once in tweets it was another
program with agua but I don't know if she was
presenting it or she was just
next to it in the background but
presenting what is said presenting this
city first and I didn't feel it and
as if I did it every day she is
super relaxed I like it a lot now I really like
the girl very
funny and with a lot of art okay that she is
here the work I like
a lot the truth others tell me that
sincerely I like it a lot
let's listen to what agua says what she
said is going on her live now and then
we'll see the defense that iva made and
also last night in her director
I was super proud really
because more if in her [ __ ] life she has never done
anything like this she has never presented
absolutely anything that was what we were
asking about the occasion listen
congratulations really from here
congratulations crazy sincerely you know
that if I had to say the opposite I would
say it but it's crazy I'm going to put in
fact some clicks
what do I tell you
17 16
[Music]
17  17
this is your first dish what's the
second the second no more click
here what's there this I think is the
farewell with pleasure or rather I
had a [ __ ] great time wonderful action
[Applause]
thank you very much to all I hope you had a
great time and nothing I will be
until the end of the first program of
disaster chef and well I hope you are
attentive to the second one that will be soon
[Applause]
there in that clear the best thing I can tell you
if things were more super professional or
were on TV maybe the
[ __ ] great thing wouldn't be [ __ ] great maybe I would
remove it you know but well super
spontaneous super natural
what can I tell you let's see che passive and
several calls of the flip of the tortilla
please I had to see that
[Music]
of my
father
p
but I don't
have money
the flavor is
hate it tastes like maybe trying to avoid
the [ __ ] I had a [ __ ] great time Sharon
those words that we
all normally say live and being
spontaneous I don't think there is a day in
a live show that I don't say something understand that it's
not because  put myself here super family
friendly but if you want to look for something like
to polish it, not like
something to make it super more professional, maybe
for the next one okay let's
see we continue fighting what one says
and the poor girl was very very nervous
because she said I don't know what she's doing and I
told her relax because it's something
super buddy-buddy this also
relaxes her also that
Andre and I were there logically I'm
in the next programs that we
won't be in so maybe she's a
little more nervous but I think not
I think that the next programs are going to be in an
easy way and more
having passed the first one and that it
has passed for her too but for the first one she
was attacked she
was very very nervous and that she is
doing well and that people are going to
criticize her and that they have gone to the heights and
her with her stripe and me more if you don't
worry because this is between
colleagues everything on TV this on TV
dude this is twitch this is giving
4 [ __ ] to do between us what
happens is that at the production level it was
better done than a simple camera  g7 x and
a 20 euro microphone but
I thought it was great one
thing please we are not on TV
master chef is more and presenting with 8
abnormal people who seem like a
problematic class of 1st year high school and here it
is not
survivors well let's see what
Isabel Pantoja told us connect come on
survivor listen to me what I'm
telling you it's a style like that the presenters
are also a cat in fact the
presenters and if I know any
bad word cat the type of joke juarez
tele majones viva that greener than that
we are live with isla kayak or
not this is a little more improvised
we are all giving it a hard time
we are a problematic class of 1st year
high school because it is that it is what I have
read the most is some some as if they did not
like it more if there is going to be that it is also
respectable I mean as long as you do not
disrespect like yes yes well let's see
yes like
perfectly there will be people who do
not like it and would have preferred that
I tell you another type of presenter or
presenter okay totally white and
me  criticize me what am I going to do and
the issue of realization come out too much which has
been what the vast majority has done
but I really seeing the work that was
done more and it seems to me that he did it
spectacular honestly I think that what he did
yesterday had merit but incredible
but still it's not because she's my friend
or anything I think it had brutal merit and
for me he did 11 out of 10 some are going to get them the
same it was expected that he would present
like the one from master chef which is not that
beyond beyond some leader this that has been
finished whatever master full
of intro the truth is in English that you are
there all serious with the plan do not be afraid to
pause such but this is more these have
presented the
tweet to see if we are not criticizing and giving
opinions as if they were a
television program because evidently the production that
has this
as a direct to the hands of mine
that I am putting the chair skinning
the strip to the floor I
carry the screen I break it you can see breaking the
cable he hit the microphone those also never
know what I am telling you but but man is that
a direct in tweet let's stop
thinking that that  in the end juan tells you I don't
know that the other one drops a
bread fork and he really did impressive
man I think it was very complicated
yesterday I really liked it let's go
even if I had done it wrong you would have given me
one the balls everyone can make
mistakes today the gas has done wrong so
nothing happens the next goal you guys
better is that for me honestly I think he
did [ __ ] great going on air
guys to do this is a move
six couples cooking in your show
was spectacular the truth for my
taste it was spectacular very good I don't know
why I should find fault with what he said
the subject of the swear word and such
and
family what do you think I will be
reading the comments box don't
forget of course without
disrespecting any of the
protagonists of the video or entertaining
the comments okay please so nothing
see you tonight okay I don't know
around 10 11 in tweets a hug
people
[Music]